Added a README.md file in role Dir, it contains the current roles (#783)
stratum-mining/stratum: roles/jd-client/README.md

Reviewer: `upstream_authority_pubkey` has changed in 
```
[[upstreams]]
authority_pubkey
```
Also `upstream_port` is not there anymore.

And what about all the other fields: `pool_address`, `jd_address`, `pool_signature` , `withold`,`retry`,` solo mining config`, .. ?

# JD Client

The JD Client is a Sv2 proxy that support one extended channel upstream and one extended channel
dowstream, and do job declaration. On start it will:

* connect to the jd-server
* connect to the template-provider

> * listen for and `OpenExtendedChannel` from downstream

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this sentence.

## Setup
### Configuration File

> The `jdc-config-local-example.toml` is a configuration example.

Reviewer: I would say that there are 2 config files in config-examples/ dir:
1) jdc-config-local-example.toml
2) jdc-config-hosted-example.toml
The difference between them is that the second one uses our community-hosted jd-server (JDS)

downstream, so that everything that is dowstream do not need to know that job is negotiated.

## Setup

### Configuration File

The configuration file contains the following information:

1. The downstream connection information which includes  connection address (`downstream_address`) and port (`downstream_port`).
2. The maximum and minimum SRI versions (`max_supported_version` and `min_supported_version`) with size as (`min_extranonce2_size`)
3. In this file, there is a withhold (`withhold`) with a booloan value.
4. The authentication keys for open encrypted connection for the downstream (`authority_public_key`, `authority_secret_key` and `cert_validity_sec`)
5. The retry that tells JDC the number of times to retry itself after a failure.
6. The Job Declarator information which includes the Template Provider connection address to which to connect (`tp_address`).

> 7. Optionally, you may want to verify that your TP connection is authentic. You may get `tp_authority_public_key` from the logs of your.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The downstream connection information which includes connection address (`downstream_address`) and port (`downstream_port`).
2. The maximum and minimum SRI versions (`max_supported_version` and `min_supported_version`).
3. Minimum `extranonce2` size for downstream (`min_extranonce2_size`).
4. A `withhold` boolean, which prevents a valid block from being submitted upstream.
5. The authentication keys for the encrypted connection downstream (`authority_public_key`, `authority_secret_key` and `cert_validity_sec`)
6. The `retry`, which tells JDC the number of times to reinitialize itself after a failure.
7. The Template Provider connection address to which to connect (`tp_address`). Optionally, you may also want to verify that your TP connection is authentic. You may get `tp_authority_public_key` from the logs of your TP `bitcoind`.
8. A List of coinbase outputs (`coinbase_outputs`) used to build the coinbase tx in case of Solo Mining (as a fallback system).
9. The `timeout` limit to try to reconnect to upstream.
10. Upstream connection info (`authority_pubkey`, `pool_address`, `jd_address`, `pool_signature`)
```

### Run

Run the Job Declarator Client (JDC):
There are two files when you cd into roles/jd-client/config-examples/

> 1. jdc-config-hosted-example.toml runs the Community-hosted roles.
> 2. jdc-config-local-example.toml serves as Self-hosted roles to run: Job Declarator Client (JDC) and Translator Proxy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. `jdc-config-hosted-example.toml` connects to the community-hosted roles.
2. `jdc-config-local-example.toml` connects to self-hosted Job Declarator Client (JDC) and Translator Proxy
```

```

### Run

Run the Job Declarator Client (JDC):

   ```
   cd roles/jd-client/config-examples/
   ```
   ```

>    cargo run -- -c jdc-config-local-example.toml

Reviewer: I would explain here which config file to run (depending on if you have your local JDS running or you want to use our hosted one)

>    ```

Reviewer 2: same here
